SHARING POLICY: Sure, you can share this project in the future with other students if absolutely needed. 

server.js:
    app.post -> '/api/ai/suggest'
        AI was used here initially to try and initialize the GoogleGenAI library by authenticating a key stored in the database.
        Specifically, I initially had it so that most of what was under the try and catch section was from AI. However, due to multiple
        errors in trying to deploy it, I scrapped the idea and just went for the official Google Gemini API documentations, which worked.

    app.post -> '/api/ai/tailor-final'
        In the 'contents' section, I used Gemini AI to write a standard layout for better enhancing my prompts. Using this layout and
        directing it to give me a few starter rules and standards, I added some of my own rules in the generated prompt in accordance to the standard
        errors I saw in the resumes being generated by the website (a LOT of outright lying had to be curbed).

        Otherwise, this is more or less identical to the logic used in /api/ai/suggest.

index.html:
    Practically the entirety of the body section was generated by AI. Specifically, I showed a screenshot of the tables that I made for server.js
    and asked Gemini AI to specifically design an AI-based resume website that asked for information regarding what's to be stored within the database.

    Furthermore, I also prompted Gemini AI to create an image for my favicon icon by specifically asking for a favicon icon for an AI Resume Website.

app.js:
    document.querySelector('#btnGenerateResume')
        I had a lot of trouble getting the checked items of each category as arrays, so I first consulted stackOverflow on how to target
        checked items. After grabbing the input from refreshUI()'s checkbox mechanic, I spent around 2 hours trying to figure out why I couldn't
        map any of the info. I asked Gemini AI why I wasn't able to and it responded that querySelector() specifically returns a NodeList, which doesn't
        work with .map(). Along with this, it had given me the correct code to store the information as arrays instead.
    
    THE NEXT FEW FUNCTIONS WERE GENERATED BY AI WITH THE GENERATED INDEX.HTML IN MIND

    async function refreshUI()
        This specific function serves to refresh the page after every input is stored from the user. It's purpose is to make it visually clear
        to the user whenever their information is stored or used. Since this was so reliant on index.html, I had this function be the first made
        in app.js. It first clears the divDisplayArea and re-injects a fresh heading to ensure the UI stays organized. Next, it retrieves the latest 
        data from the API endpoints and converts that into checkboxes. For job details, it specifically nests individual job responsibilities under 
        their respective parent companies using the fetchAndRenderDetails() helper function. Every generated checkbox is assigned a specific class 
        (ex: .chk-resume-job) to identify what the user selected.
    
    async function fetchAndRenderDetails(JID)
        As mentioned above, this helper function was generated concurrently with the refreshUI() function. It's primary focus is to fetch specific
        job details from the database and then nesting them directly under their corresponding jobs via JID. After data retrieval, each detail is
        looped through to create the checkboxes.

    async function populateJobDropdown()
        This one specifically populates the drop down button from the quill editor for job details. It accesses the job array directly and grabs
        each job via JID and company name. If at least one job exists, the job responsibilities section is unhidden and thus lets the user type
        in a responsibility for an existing job.

print.css
    Had a problem where I would be getting a second empty page, assumingly because me hiding the details wasn't the same as getting rid of the
    invisible elements now clogging up the screen. 

    AI-added Details:
    /* Force the Bootstrap container and card generated by AI resume to release their margins */
    main.container, .card, .card-body {
        margin: 0 !important;
        padding: 0 !important;
        max-width: none !important;
        width: 100% !important;
        border: none !important; 
        box-shadow: none !important; 
    }

    /* Collapse the height of the elements pushing your resume down */
    nav, .card, footer, #sectionPreview h3 {
        height: 0 !important;
        margin: 0 !important;
        padding: 0 !important;
        overflow: hidden !important;
    }

Also, that image titled literallyme.png in the image folder is AI-generated. My REAL sleep paralysis demon looks a bit classier than that.